title: GoDaddy Corporate Domains

# How To Use the GoDaddy DNS Plugin

This plugin works against the [GoDaddy Corporate Domains DNS](https://developer.brandsight.com/#tag/DNS-Management) (also known as Brandsight) provider. It is assumed that you have already setup an account and created the DNS zone(s) you will be working against. The warnings below apply to GoDaddy Retail accounts, which use the same API root, so it's likely they apply here too.

!!! warning
    From April 2024 GoDaddy have introduced API account limits which prevent DNS API access for customers with less than 10 domains on their account. Existing accounts that don't meet the new requirements will now receive an Access Denied error when communicating with the API.

!!! warning
    It has been reported that enabling GoDaddy's Domain Protection feature on a domain silently prevents API modification of TXT records to the domain. The API calls will appear to succeed, but only empty records get created. If you are having trouble with this plugin, please ensure Domain Protection is disabled.

## Setup

Similar to GoDaddy Retail, you will need an API key and Secret. You will also need a Customer ID. These can be provided by your account manager or generated by a Super Admin on your account.

## Using the Plugin

The Key is used with the `GDKey` string parameter, the Secret is used with the `GDSecretSecure` SecureString parameter, and the Customer ID is used in the `GDCustomerID` parameter.

!!! warning
    The `GDSecret` parameter is deprecated and will be removed in the next major module version. If you are using it, please migrate to the Secure parameter set.

```powershell
$pArgs = @{
    GDKey = 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx'
    GDSecret = (Read-Host 'Secret' -AsSecureString)
    GDCustomerID = 'xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx'
}
New-PACertificate example.com -Plugin GoDaddyCorp -PluginArgs $pArgs
```
